Ingredients

    8 Chocolate Graham Crackers, recipe follows
    1/2 cup good quality raspberry preserves with seeds
    Two 3.5-ounce bars bittersweet chocolate bars, halved crosswise
    12 marshmallows (vanilla, dark chocolate or raspberry flavored or combination of all)

Chocolate Graham Crackers:

    Nonstick cooking spray
    1/2 cup (2 ounces) unbleached all-purpose flour, plus more for rolling
    3/4 cup (3 3/4 ounces) whole-wheat flour
    1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
    1/2 cup good quality Dutch-process cocoa (recommended: Vahlrona)
    1 1/4 cups confectioners' sugar
    1 teaspoon baking powder
    1/2 cup slightly cold unsalted butter, cut into small cubes
    2 tablespoons clover honey
    2 tablespoons cold milk, plus more if needed
    3 tablespoons sugar in the raw

Add Checked Items to Grocery List
Directions

Watch how to make this recipe.

Preheat a grill to medium.

Spread the bottom side of each graham cracker with 1 tablespoon of the raspberry preserves and arrange on a flat surface, preserve side up. Put half a bar of the chocolate on top of the preserves on 4 of the crackers.

Toast the marshmallows on sticks or hangers until golden brown on all sides and softened. Put 3 marshmallows on top of each of the crackers with the chocolate and top each with the remaining crackers, raspberry preserve side-down. Arrange them on sheets of foil and put them on the grill. Close the cover and grill until the chocolate just begins to melt, about 30 seconds. Serve immediately.
Chocolate Graham Crackers:

Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Line 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper and spray lightly with nonstick spray.

In a medium-sized bowl, whisk together the flours, salt, cocoa, sugar, and baking powder. Cut the butter into the flour mixture until small crumbs form. In a separate bowl, whisk together the honey and milk. Add the liquid to the dry ingredients and toss lightly with a fork until the dough comes together. Add additional milk, if necessary.

Turn the dough out onto a well-floured surface and gently knead until smooth. Divide the dough in half. Cover with plastic wrap and chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes.

Work with half of the dough at a time, keeping the remaining dough covered. Transfer 1 piece of dough to a piece of parchment paper. Roll it out into a rectangle a bit larger than 10 by 14 inches and about 1/16-inch thick. Trim the edges and prick the dough evenly with a dough docker or fork. Transfer the dough to the baking sheet, sprinkle the top with half of the sugar and repeat with the remaining dough.

Bake until slightly firm to the touch, about 12 to 15 minutes. Remove them from the oven, and immediately cut them into rectangles. Transfer them to a rack to cool
